There was a lot of moving parts coming into [adjusting].
There's a slog, you know, you've kind of got to fight through that stuff.
I can pass a license test, but I still don't know what the hell I'm doing.
I sent the email to you saying "Hey, what should I be working on?"
I feel like I should be getting the Xactimate level one.
before I do the fast track and then you kind of straighten me out and said
do this,
do this and do this.
And that was very helpful.
I feel like a much, much better prepared.
I like the video format, right?
if there's something I feel like I already have a good grasp of,
I can speed up and go through it pretty quick.
If there's something I need to dig in a little bit more around, I can back up, watch it
again.
I had two firms reach out.
As soon as you notified some, I had two reach out to me right away
.
I would recommend it.
I can see how would make me more effective and be able to do more claims in a
day or a week.
I feel more confident by the day.